[font=Verdana, Tahoma, Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif][b]IMPORTANT[/b] - Please read this page carefully. This HACMS forum (the "Web Site") is operated and owned by the Hospital Authority Information Technology Services ( the "HA ITS"). This page states the Terms of Use and Disclaimer under which you may use the Web Site. By accessing this Web Site, you are agreeing to be bound by these Terms of Use and Disclaimer. If you do not accept the Terms of Use and Disclaimer stated herein, do not use the Web Site. The HA ITS may revise these Terms of Use and Disclaimer at any time by updating this posting. You should visit this page periodically to review the Terms of Use and Disclaimer because they are binding on you.   [b]Terms of Service: [/b]You agree, through your use of the Web Site information, that you will not post any material which is knowingly false and/or defamatory, inaccurate, abusive, vulgar, hateful, harassing, obscene, profane, sexually oriented, threatening, invasive of a person's privacy, or otherwise violative of any law. This is not only not humorous, but legal actions can be taken against you. You remain solely responsible for the content of your messages, and you agree to indemnify and hold harmless the HA ITS. We at HA ITS also reserve the right to reveal your identity (or any information we have about you) in the event of a complaint or legal action arising from any information posted by you. Additionally, spam, flooding, advertisements, chain letters, pyramid schemes, and solicitations are also not acceptable on the Web Site.  You agree, through your use of the Web Site information, that you will not post any copyrighted material unless the copyright is owned by you or you have consent from the owner of the copyrighted material. It is possible that under certain circumstances posts which should be considered advertisements might be acceptable on the Web Site. In general, a post containing an advertisement might be acceptable, as determined solely by the Web Site administrators, if it is of general interest to the Clinical Management System community. You agree to submit any post which might be considered an advertisement to the Web Site administrators for review prior to posting. Failure to do so may result in the post being deleted without warning.  Note that it is impossible for us to confirm the validity of posts on the Web Site. Please remember that we do not actively monitor the posted messages and are not responsible for their content. We do not warrant the accuracy, completeness or usefulness of any information presented. Posted messages express the views of the author, not necessarily the views of administrators of the Web Site. Anyone who feels that a posted message is objectionable is encouraged to notify an administrator of this forum immediately. The authority for determining objectionable content rests solely with the Web Site administrators. We have the rights to remove objectionable content if we determine that removal is necessary.  By registering to CMS forum, you agree to never give your password out to another member, for your protection and for validity reasons. You also agree to NEVER use another member's account to post messages or browse this forum. After you register and log into SkiBuilders.com, you can fill out a detailed profile. It is your responsibility to present clean and accurate information. Any information we deem unacceptable may be removed.  Please note that with each post, your IP address is recorded, in the event that you need to be banned from the Web Site, or your ISP contacted.  By viewing, registering with, posting to, or in any other way using the Web Site information, you agree to accept personal responsibility for any decision you make about whether, or how, to use any information you might find in the Web Site.   By viewing, registering with, posting to, or in any other way using the Web Site information, you agree to adhere to these Terms of Use, regardless of whether or not you are registered or logged-in.  If you do not agree with these Terms of Use, do not view, register with, post to, or in any other way use the Web Site information.  [b]Copyright:  [/b]The contents of the Web Site, such as text, publications, newsletters, articles, opinions, minutes of meetings, notice of meetings, views, graphics, images, HTML code, multimedia clips, Java code, and the selection and arrangement of information ("Materials"), are protected by copyright and other intellectual property laws under both Hong Kong and foreign laws. Unauthorized use of the Materials may violate copyright, trademark, patent and other laws. You must retain all copyright and other proprietary notices contained in the original Materials on any copy you make of the Materials.  [b]Confidentiality:  [/b]Absent the use of encryption, the Internet is not a secured medium and privacy cannot be ensured. Internet e-mail is vulnerable to interception and forging. The HA ITS will not be responsible for any damages you or any third party may suffer as a result of the transmission of confidential information that you make to any third party through the Internet e-mail links provided on this Web Site. The HA ITS is not responsible for any errors or any changes made to any transmitted information. Should you decide to transmit information using Internet e-mail links, you do so at your own risk. Computer Viruses:  While the HA ITS makes reasonable efforts to ensure that all Materials and Services provided on this Web Site do not contain computer viruses, you are responsible to take the appropriate precautions to scan for computer viruses and to ensure that you have a complete and current back up of the applicable items contained on your computer system. [/font] 